this adapter from apples old 30 pin
connector connection on the new 8 pin
lightning connection for the iphone 5 for
the ipod touch fifth generation ipad
mini ipad 4 and probably too
future generations of apple
Devices are available for about five euros
to be purchased from amazon
you can find the link to this article
As always in the description of this
video about buying this or one
other articles about this link would
I am very happy
because with that you support this youtube
channel yes what else is adapter yet
it will load the terminal on it
synchronizes the terminal with the
computer but it does not transmit audio
or video signals that's important too
knowledge
it fits the lightning relatively well
connection is up slightly wider the
means with pockets with cases you will
because problems get the depth of the
connection is not very big
Of course, the purchase only makes sense if
yes already old accessories from the 30 pin
generation owns so you can the field
continue to use the new terminals
and yes the adapter works it fits
of course, then there is quality
potential for improvement
but the original apple lay it
of course much more
as well as the actual lightning
plug one can the adapter if he
because a 30 pin connector is sunk
of course in every page in every one
direction would have to use it then
do not pay attention once again
infected is the terminal charging
actually as fast as with
an original plug and yes how
said the link to Amazon
her in the description for this video
did you use such an adapter the
such even it's for you too
I would appreciate your own
comments and opinions and up to date
to the next video ciao